未能通过alarmtest的test1，会报i!=j的错误。
经与他人博客的检查比对，与正确代码几乎一致，未能发现不同。
采取了将自己的关键代码段替换为他人的方式，仍然不能通过。
尝试使用gdb按汇编代码逐行调试，确定是否是由于跳转回的汇编代码位置不对导致。但gdb会在uservecret的最后一行，即sret指令处卡住，无法继续--->失败。
经测试，保存j的地址的寄存器始终是正确的。然而在test1中第一次调用sys_sigreturn后j的值会变成随机值，常见为0，少数情况为1，极少数情况为较大随机值。
应该是j的值被以某种错误的方式改变了。可能是错误的使用了保存j的地址的寄存器。

未能改正该错误。

xv6 is a re-implementation of Dennis Ritchie's and Ken Thompson's Unix
Version 6 (v6).  xv6 loosely follows the structure and style of v6,
but is implemented for a modern RISC-V multiprocessor using ANSI C.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

xv6 is inspired by John Lions's Commentary on UNIX 6th Edition (Peer
to Peer Communications; ISBN: 1-57398-013-7; 1st edition (June 14,
2000)). See also https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/, which
provides pointers to on-line resources for v6.

The following people have made contributions: Russ Cox (context switching,
locking), Cliff Frey (MP), Xiao Yu (MP), Nickolai Zeldovich, and Austin
Clements.

We are also grateful for the bug reports and patches contributed by
Silas Boyd-Wickizer, Anton Burtsev, Dan Cross, Cody Cutler, Mike CAT,
Tej Chajed, Asami Doi, eyalz800, , Nelson Elhage, Saar Ettinger, Alice
Ferrazzi, Nathaniel Filardo, Peter Froehlich, Yakir Goaron,Shivam
Handa, Bryan Henry, jaichenhengjie, Jim Huang, Alexander Kapshuk,
Anders Kaseorg, kehao95, Wolfgang Keller, Jonathan Kimmitt, Eddie
Kohler, Austin Liew, Imbar Marinescu, Yandong Mao, Matan Shabtay,
Hitoshi Mitake, Carmi Merimovich, Mark Morrissey, mtasm, Joel Nider,
Greg Price, Ayan Shafqat, Eldar Sehayek, Yongming Shen, Fumiya
Shigemitsu, Takahiro, Cam Tenny, tyfkda, Rafael Ubal, Warren Toomey,
Stephen Tu, Pablo Ventura, Xi Wang, Keiichi Watanabe, Nicolas
Wolovick, wxdao, Grant Wu, Jindong Zhang, Icenowy Zheng, and Zou Chang
Wei.

The code in the files that constitute xv6 is
Copyright 2006-2020 Frans Kaashoek, Robert Morris, and Russ Cox.

ERROR REPORTS

Please send errors and suggestions to Frans Kaashoek and Robert Morris
(kaashoek,rtm@mit.edu). The main purpose of xv6 is as a teaching
operating system for MIT's 6.S081, so we are more interested in
simplifications and clarifications than new features.

BUILDING AND RUNNING XV6

You will need a RISC-V "newlib" tool chain from
https://github.com/riscv/riscv-gnu-toolchain, and qemu compiled for
riscv64-softmmu. Once they are installed, and in your shell
search path, you can run "make qemu".
